# Space-App-2017-Project
Space App project
Hi there!

We are Inhabitants, we wish to create dome with housing for 6 people, with self-sustainable energy source provided by 'solar flowers' and 'wind turbines', which are based on actual solar panels and wind turbines that are currently being tested by NASA on Alaska and peripolar areas. We have reviewed more than 100 articles, scientific researches, doctoral thesises and patents/data from NASA databases. We have made a proposal of walls consisting of 9 layers. As a concept, the wall should protect astronauts from any kind of radiation, keep them warm, and is super light. The basic materials used in the construction were: carbon nanotubes making up the lattice of the dome, super light aerogel that provides thermal and acoustic isolation, and powdered boran nitride nanotubes that solve the problem of cosmic rays. The basic module of our dome is hexagon, it represents 6 people together. The place consists only of state-of-the-art materials, some of them are still in development process. We haven't found any specific information about air circulation as piping etc. , so the assumption is to adapt current solution used by NASA. The same goes for plumbing. We have chosen a location for the dome basing on the information about 'amenities' distance, mainly water and future building resources like silicon. The goal is to survive 6 months, we did not provide a food solution thus, we are implying on astronauts eating food rations taken directly from Earth. Since we weren't provided with information of energy consumption of the facility, we agreed to use ISS power consumption as a reference(75-95kWh/an). This requires taking over 680 square meters or inteligent solar panels with efficiency of 34%(same as ISS efficiency), after calculations(also based on ISS solar arrays) this would weigh around 2 tonnes. During the dust storms we are prepared with prototypes of wind turbines. We have provided solutions for crew stress managment. The inner walls of our facility is covered with OLEDs that show nice landscapes, we have adapted an intelligent lightnings system that copy's day and night wavelenghts and the color temperature(these solutions are widely used by for example Philips[Philips Hue]). We also want to include an virtual reality device that IBM and NASA are now working on together. It would allow our crew members to play virtual sports, compete with each other in games or simply take a walk to a forest, all in virtual reality. Next solution was to provide them with scent samples and lots of distinct seasonings to stimulate their sense of smell and taste. In critical situations, where crew member become agressive, he or she would be injected with serotonine(as far as we know, this solution is already adapted, so no hard feeling). Signal from Mars to Earth can take up to 22 minutes, so thing like video recording for families is a certain thing, same goes for mental care - consultations with specialists on regular basis. One of two books in paper form per crew member to reduce by a small friction contact with IT. The exercises from calenethics are very good for body and doesnt require much additional equipment. 
